I love grand
Yomi
what is this I'm getting dizzy
who maybe Cupid is after maybe love has
found Andy heart
Oh dad I don't understand these modern
girls in what way
well Polly for instance sometimes she
won't let you kiss her at all but this
other one is Cynthia
she let you kiss her whenever you want
she won't go swimming she won't play
tennis she won't go for a walk she just
want to kiss you all the time I'm a
nervous wreck Andrew Hardy you tell me
who she is
hey Cynthia Potter oh that awful
redheaded creature Oh Andy how could you
hey this is gonna be a world record I'm
gonna go put on my deck seat on my opera
hat maybe I'll shave meet the beat of my
heart meet the reason I beam so why I am
happy and seem so delighted excited
ignited with the lovely blonde meet the
beat of my heart
you